  Module 1: Introduction
            What is ECS
            Working with AWS ECS
            ECS Task
            ECS Services
            ECS Infrastructure and Launch

  Module 2: Understanding ECS

            What is ECS?
            ECS is a managed container orchestrator like Docker Swarm and K8s. It is provided/managed exclusively by AWS.
            Manage the lifecycle of containers Create/restart/destroy.
            Also responsible for deploy & Load-Balancer across multiple servers
            Autoscaling to handle variance in traffic
            Rolling out newer versions of the application without affecting the user experience.

            ECS vs Others
            Docker Compose can utilize only one server, whereas K8s, Docker Swarm, Nomad by HashiCorp, or Apache Mesos. They all require a lot of effort to get up and running. Complex & hard to work with.
            Whereas ECS is a simple orchestrating alternative.

            ECS Infrastructure and Launch
            ECS has two launch types
            |  |-------- EC2
            |----------- Fargate
  
            ECS Cluster
            EC2 - We have to manage the underlying EC2 instances
            ECS Control Plane (The Brain)
            ECS manages the containers    

            ECS vs Fargate
              In Fargate: AWS manages the underlying infrastructure
              Fargate follows Serverless architecture
              Fargate will create servers on demand
              No need to provision/maintain EC2 servers
              Pay-As-Per-Use
    
            ECS Task
            Task definition file - 
            Contains the blueprint that describes how containers should launch
            How much CPU/MEM
            Which Image/Port/Volumes           

            ECS Services
            A service ensures that a certain number of tasks are running at all times
            Also, restart the container that has exited/crashed.
            If the EC2 instance fails, the service will restart task on a working EC2 instance

            Load Balancer
            A Load Balancer can be assigned to route external traffic to your service, to evenly distribute the traffic.
                       
      
  Module 3: Working with AWS

            *Getting started with ECS
                Selected ECS > Get started > Cluster configuration > Cluster name
                Selected Infrastructure AWS Fargate (serverless)
                Given image repository. 

            *Understanding project configuration
                Using Fargate (serverless)
                Checked the configurations 
                Application is running at port:3000

            *Deleting cluster
                 Deleted the Task & cluster           
            

  Module 4: Deploying a new application
            Creating New cluster

            Creating Task Definition


  Module 5: Conclusion
